
date: "Ocotober 27, 2016"
meeting_type: "ta"
attendance: ["jamesdro", "fyang", "ywang77", "jrstrzal", "drweiss", "jessetay"]
absent: []
excused_absences: ["miaomiao"]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: "drweiss", progress: "Went over Sprint 3 Progress"},
  {ubit: "jamesdro", progress: "Went over Sprint 3 Progress"},
  {ubit: "miaomiao", progress: "Went over Sprint 3 Progress"},
  {ubit: "fyang", progress: "Went over Sprint 3 Progress"},
  {ubit: "jrstrzal", progress: "Went over Sprint 3 Progress"},
  {ubit: "jessetay", progress: "Went over Sprint 3 Progress"},
  {ubit: "ywang77", progress: "Went over Sprint 3 Progress"}
]
issues: []
Notes:  |
  Possible meeting on saturday to merge branches
