date: "Ocotober 6, 2016"
meeting_type: "ta"
attendance: ["jamesdro", "miaomiao", "fyang", "ywang77", "jrstrzal"]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  {ubit: "drweiss", reason: "Had surgery and cannot drive."},
  {ubit: "jessetay", reason: "Had effects of a concussion."}
]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: "drweiss", progress: "Created the basic UI for the admin frontend that shows some of what I plan on implementing but so far has 0 functionality"},
  {ubit: "jamesdro", progress: "Stubbed out API methods and created the DB tables"},
  {ubit: "miaomiao", progress: ""},
  {ubit: "fyang", progress: ""},
  {ubit: "jrstrzal", progress: "Populated the activity log with example activities, also gives the basic look at how the activity log"},
  {ubit: "jessetay", progress: ""},
  {ubit: "ywang77", progress: ""}
]
issues: []
Notes:  |
  Next meeting is this Saturday (10/8) @ 3PM.  Video is due
  on Monday @ 9AM EST.
