date: September 14, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<drweiss>]
absent: [<ubit4>]
excused_absences: [ # Any legitamite excuses for absent team members
  {ubit: <ubit5>, : reason: Had class. This was known through a Doodle poll before scheduling the meeting.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, reason: Abducted by aliens 15 minutes before meeting}
  ]
task_progress: [ 
   First official meeting, no tasks were assigned.
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been dicussed.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: After discussing with the TA it turns out that this problem is NP-Complete.}
  ]
Notes:  |
  James - Will create basic server with ping event and host on aws by saturday night
  Mandy, fyang - will make basic android gui and button to ping server by saturday night
  John, Jesse - Will make youtube account and video by Sunday night
  Ta meeting is 5:30pm tomorrow
  
